chore: Update e2e test execution triggers and documentation (#2072)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/install/installation.md

## Proxy service for PAC controller

Pipelines-as-Code requires an externally accessible URL to receive events from

> Git providers. If you're developing locally (such as on kind or Minikube) or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Git providers. If you're testing PaC locally (such as on kind or Minikube) or
```

Author: i think it's developing., i guess developing or testing bu tthat section is really about installation not dev guide
